Romans 15:13 - "May the God of hope fill you with all joy and peace as you trust in him, so that you may overflow with hope by the power of the Holy Spirit."
Ephesians 3:20 - "Now to him who is able to do immeasurably more than all we ask or imagine, according to his power that is at work within us."
Romans 8:38-39 - "For I am convinced that neither death nor life, neither angels nor demons, neither the present nor the future, nor any powers, neither height nor depth, nor anything else in all creation, will be able to separate us from the love of God that is in Christ Jesus our Lord."
Lamentations 3:22-23 - "The steadfast love of the Lord never ceases; his mercies never come to an end; they are new every morning; great is your faithfulness."
2 Corinthians 4:16-18 - "So we do not lose heart. Though our outer self is wasting away, our inner self is being renewed day by day. For this light momentary affliction is preparing for us an eternal weight of glory beyond all comparison, as we look not to the things that are seen but to the things that are unseen."
Romans 8:31 - "What, then, shall we say in response to these things? If God is for us, who can be against us?"
Deuteronomy 31:6 - "Be strong and courageous. Do not be afraid or terrified because of them, or the Lord your God goes with you; he will never leave you nor forsake you."
Psalm 27:1 - "The Lord is my light and my salvation; whom shall I fear? The Lord is the stronghold of my life; of whom shall I be afraid?"
1 John 4:18 - "There is no fear in love. But perfect love drives out fear, because fear has to do with punishment. The one who fears is not made perfect in love."
Psalm 31:24 - "Be strong, and let your heart take courage, all you who wait for the Lord!"
Isaiah 41:10 - "Fear not, for I am with you; be not dismayed, for I am your God; I will strengthen you, I will help you, I will uphold you with my righteous right hand."
Isaiah 40:31 - "But they who wait for the Lord shall renew their strength; they shall mount up with wings like eagles; they shall run and not be weary; they shall walk and not faint."
John 15:13 - "Greater love has no one than this: to lay down one's life for one's friends."
Mark 10:27 - "Jesus looked at them and said, 'With man it is impossible, but not with God. For all things are possible with God.' "
Matthew 19:26 - "But Jesus looked at them and said, 'With man this is impossible, but with God all things are possible.' "
Philippians 4:13 - "I can do all things through him who strengthens me."
Luke 18:27 - "But He said, 'The things that are impossible with people are possible with God.' "
Genesis 11:6 - "The Lord said, “Behold, they are one people, and they all have the same language. And this is what they began to do, and now nothing which they purpose to do will be impossible for them.' "
1 Corinthians 15:58 - "Therefore, my beloved brothers, be steadfast, immovable, always abounding in the work of the Lord, knowing that in the Lord your labor is not in vain."
Proverbs 3:5-6 - "Trust in the Lord with all your heart, and do not lean on your own understanding. In all your ways acknowledge him, and he will make straight your paths."
1 Corinthians 16:13-14 - "Be watchful, stand firm in the faith, act like men, be strong. Let all that you do be done in love."
Matthew 17:20 - "Our faith can move mountains."
Proverbs 31:28 - "Her children rise up and call her blessed; Her husband also, and he praises her."
Psalm 107:1 - "Give thanks to the Lord, for He is good; his love endures forever."
Jeremiah 29:11 - " 'For I know the plans I have for you,' declares the Lord, 'plans to prosper you and not to harm you, plans to give you hope and a future.' "
Psalm 34:8 - "Taste and see that the Lord is good; blessed is the one who takes refuge in him."
Romans 8:28 - "And we know that in all things God works for the good of those who love him, who have been called according to his purpose."
Psalm 3:3 - "But you, Lord, are a shield around me, my glory, the One who lifts my head high."
Nehemiah 8:10 - "Go, eat rich foods and drink sweet drinks, and allot portions to those who had nothing prepared; for today is holy to our Lord. Do not be saddened this day, for rejoicing in the Lord is your strength!"
Psalm 96: 1-3 - "Sing to the Lord a new song; sing to the Lord, all the earth. Sing to the Lord, praise his name; proclaim his salvation day after day. Declare his glory among the nations, his marvelous deeds among all peoples."
1 Peter 5:7 - Cast all your anxieties on him, because he cares for you.
Proverbs 29:25 - Fear of man will prove to be a snare, but whoever trusts in the Lord is kept safe.
Isaiah 66:13 - As a mother comforts her child, so will I comfort you; and you will be comforted over Jerusalem.
John 16:33 - I have told you all this so that you may have peace in me. Here on earth you will have many trials and sorrows. But take heart, because I have overcome the world.
Matthew 11;28 - Come to Me, all you who are weary and burdened, and I will give you rest.”
Ecclesiastes 4:9 – "Two are better than one, because they have a good return for their labor."
Ecclesiastes 4:10 – "If either of then falls down, one can help the other up. But pity anyone who falls and has no one to help them up."
Proverbs 18:24 – "One who has unreliable friends soon comes to ruin, but there is a friend who sticks closer than a brother."
John 15:13 – "Greater love has no one than this: to lay down one's life for one's friends."
Proverbs 13:20 – "Walk with the wise and become wise, for a companion of fools suffers harm."
Proverbs 12:26 – "The righteous choose their friends carefully, but the way of the wicked leads them astray."
